Sign the EAR claims-set (#103)
veraison/services: vts/earsigner/README.md

## Configuration

- `ear-signer`: stanza containing the configuration details about the attestation
  result signing process.  The supported directives are:
  - `alg`: the [JWS algorithm](https://www.iana.org/assignments/jose/jose.xhtml#web-signature-encryption-algorithms)
    used for signing, e.g.: `ES256`, `RS512`.

>   - `key`: file path of the private key to be used with `alg`.

Reviewer: Is this a file path or a file (with its full location path) for the private key?

Could you please clarify it a bit?

>   - `key`: file path of the private key to be used with `alg`.

Author: ```suggestion
  - `key`: file containing the private key to be used with `alg`.
```

Author: is this any clearer?

Reviewer: thanks!

Reviewer: yes!
